Fix join barcode step for Opossum (#1397)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_single_nucleus_multisample/MultiSampleSmartSeq2SingleNucleus.changelog.md

# 2.0.3
2024-11-04 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Changed a flag in JoinMultiomeBarcodes task in H5adUtils.wdl to se CSI instead of TBI indexing in tabix command to support chromosomes larger than 512 Mbp. This task should not affect the smart-seq pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the tabix flag in JoinMultiomeBarcodes task in H5adUtils.wdl to use CSI instead of TBI indexing, which supports chromosomes larger than 512 Mbp; this task should not affect the snSS2 pipeline
```
